after the event we had yesterday with
catching our students they catching the
poacher but I seen a poacher you know
shoot a deer out of the out of his truck
what's up guys welcome back to the
channel
today we're in Pennsylvania we're going
over this brand new lease property that
just picked up about two weeks ago we're
beginning the process of managing the
area scouting it and so forth
today we're going through or we're going
to be hanging some no trespassing signs
I know it's not gonna be foolproof you
know 100% but at least it's something
you know I can say I did I put up I
tried it's not gonna be a hundred
percent I know that but I'm gonna go
through mark the property the scouts the
more get more detailed information about
the property line make sure nobody's in
here trespassing and so forth we're
overlooking this about I think it's
about a 15 acre field and it's full of
just some old grasses and mainly Queen
Anne lace which deer do not eat but I
think later in the spring we're gonna go
through we're gonna kill a lot of this
and go ahead and and Bush all get and
probably either spray it with some
antler grow or over seeded it with
something but today we're also going to
be going through get some soil samples
there's a back field that's gonna be a
beautiful food plot I'm gonna get the
soil sample in there but the main thing
right now is we're going to go through
mark the property line with no
trespassing signs we got the ATV and
hope you guys spend the day and follow
along when this on the journey of
turning this property into something
that I've always you know wanted to do
is you know manage a property and and
things like that so I hope you guys
follow
we just got done marking the street with
no trespassing signs and again I know a
lot of people are they're going to say
well it's you're wasting your time it's
worthless but they're not just for you
know people that are trying to trespass
there are four people that if I bring a
guest or you know something like that
they know where they're at at all times
I cannot tell them ahead of time hey the
property's posted with this type of this
type of sign if it's not this type of
sign on there guess it's you know it's
not my property so you can't go on there
so it's not just for trespassers it's
also for people that I bring out as
guests as well so we're just going
through and kind of Mark it off the
property line now with some ribbons
that's what the landowner wanted he just
he wanted to use ribbon so that's what
I'm doing it's a straight shot this way
like 300 yards we're just going to mark
it off and we're gonna head back to the
truck and then get some other stuff done
several hours into it you guys can see
we got posted signs all along this field
on the road there's one there all the
way down outside we also have them
across the street so the fields more
actually went down the road down this
way marked all the way down the road to
the line property line and then cut into
the woods tomorrow morning we're going
to finish marking and then that part of
the process of why I'm here this weekend
will be done the proper to be marked
we just had an unfortunate situation I
was over on that side of the property
and I heard a truck come by and a
gunshot I ran up top of the hill and two
guys were in a pickup truck
they shot a deer out the window they ran
out of the truck picked the deer up
threw it in the back of the truck and
took off by the time I got up
there I was able to record it all so I
just
I called DNR the police everybody they
just left five minutes ago so we're
proceeding with this I got the license
plate number and all that stuff I gave
them the footage so I mean they're
they're caught it's a hundred percent
they're caught I got it all on video
gave them the the tag number of the
video all the information that I saw
with my own eyes
gave it to them and they're proceeding
with it so it just it's crazy the first
day on the property
and I got the witness two guys ocean out
of a gray truck
it's unfortunate doesn't give me good
feeling about the place but you know
that's what it is it just it just
doesn't happen here I'm sure it happens
everywhere you know it's just one of
them things where I might have to deal
with that you know but we'll stems we'll
go from there and we'll continue with
the day we got signs here and here on
this old logging road I got them down
all through here as well
another one there
here this was an old logging road which
there's a tree fell down there and that
actually wraps around but I put them
through here as well no one over there
but if you go through here and go up
this way you can just see where the
trees and stuff have been pushed up from
the loggers but then that trail the old
logging road goes that way I know a lot
of you guys are probably thinking you
know hanging signs is pointless but
there's many reasons behind it you know
a lot of people you know that have
property and stuff don't post and you
know things like that but it's not just
for like I was saying yesterday it's not
just for you know trespassers it's for
yourself and it's also for you know if
you bring guests or something you can
say hey
this property's posted this is what type
of sign that I have you know don't go
beyond this point you need to know where
you're at all the time so this is why
I'm going it's not just for trespassers
which it's my main point but I know what
realistically most of them are not going
to listen but it is what it is it's what
I'm doing so I mean this is only my
second time on this property so I have
to do what I can
because you know I don't live on here
but this is what this is what I'm doing
so I highly encourage you guys to go
through post you know you can use some I
think purple paint you can spray paint
them just something on there so we'll
let you know that it's where you're at
at all times you know if you're in a
dark you know and things like that so I
think I want to wrap up this part of it
for the no trespassing signs I hope you
guys enjoyed this little tour the
property and you know hanging hanging
the signs and you know it's snowing
right now it's awesome
I love it so I hope you guys follow me
along in this process of this journey
you know of creating you know the better
habitat for deer here and increasing
your activity and hopefully come fall
time we're gonna put down a nice buck so
I love doing this type of stuff I
actually like doing this more than
hunting so if you guys did enjoy this
vlog please subscribe to the channel
also leave a comment down below let me
know what you think about you know no
trespassing signs if you guys actually
put them out I'll leave a comment down
below until next time I'll see you guys
later